Young Master, based on my years of experience in the romance game
She’s jealous
Hey, hehe
It’s her, hey, Ruò Yǔ
Ruò Yǔ
I was wrong, I’m really sorry, please forgive me
What’s this?
Fù Jiā Háo can’t hold on anymore?
So you’re here begging for forgiveness?
No, Ruò Yǔ
We broke up long ago, I realized the one I love most is still you
Think about it
Following Qín Fēng, you have no status, what’s good about that?
Come back to me
As long as you agree
All my wealth will be yours
Just put your name on it
Stop making me sick
Just state your real purpose
Zhū Yì
For the sake of our three years together
Can you forgive my foolish actions?
Fù Jiā Háo has your efforts in it too
You can’t just
Let Fù Jiā Háo collapse like this
Can you?